Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration samples (#3369)
microsoft/winget-cli: src/PowerShell/Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration/README.md

## Syntax 
```
Get-WinGetConfiguration -File <string> [<CommonParameters>]

Get-WinGetConfigurationDetails -Set <PSConfigurationSet> [<CommonParameters>]

Invoke-WinGetConfiguration -Set <PSConfigurationSet> [-AcceptConfigurationAgreements] [<CommonParameters>]

Start-WinGetConfiguration -Set <PSConfigurationSet> [-AcceptConfigurationAgreements] [<CommonParameters>]

Complete-WinGetConfiguration -ConfigurationJob <PSConfigurationJob> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Prerequisites

Minimum PowerShell 7 version: 7.2.8

## Telemetry
Telemetry is enabled by default. To disable it one should set the POWERSHELL_TELEMETRY_OPTOUT env variable to “1”, “yes” or “true”.

## Building the PowerShell Module Locally
After building the Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Cmdlets project, the `Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration` PowerShell module can be found in the output directory in the `PowerShell` folder. For example if you built the project as x64 release, you should expect to find the module files in `$(SolutionDirectory)/src/x64/Release/PowerShell`.

This project has after build targets that will copy all the necessary files in the correct location.

## Adding a new cmdlet

> This project uses a custom `AssemblyLoadContext` that handles all dependencies loading. The only two binaries that are loaded in the default context are Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Cmdlets.dll and Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Engine.dll. This is to handle [assembly dependency conflicts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts?view=powershell-7.3). Because of that, the cmdlet must be defined in Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Cmdlets but the actual implementation in Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Engine.

Reviewer: As discussed, this is not very accurate and a mermaid graph would be awesome!
```mermaid
graph LR
  subgraph ALC
    Cmdlets-->Engine;
    Engine-->Other(All other dependencies)
  end

  PS-->ALC;
  PS-->WinRT.Runtime;
```
Like this maybe?

## Building the PowerShell Module Locally
After building the Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Cmdlets project, the `Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration` PowerShell module can be found in the output directory in the `PowerShell` folder. For example if you built the project as x64 release, you should expect to find the module files in `$(SolutionDirectory)/src/x64/Release/PowerShell`.

## Adding a new cmdlet
In order to avoid [assembly dependency conflicts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts?view=powershell-7.3) this project uses a custom `AssemblyLoadContext` that load all dependencies.

Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Cmdlets.dll is the binary that gets loaded when the module is imported. When Microsoft.WinGet.Configuration.Engine.dll is getting loaded the resolving handler use the custom ALC to load it. Then all the dependencies of that binary will be loaded using that custom context.

> The dependencies are layout in two directories: `DirectDependencies` and `SharedDependencies`. The resolving handler looks for binaries under `DirectDependencies` and uses the custom ALC to load them. The custom ALC load any binaries in `DirectDependencies` and `SharedDependencies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dependencies are laid out in two directories: `DirectDependencies` and `SharedDependencies`. The resolving handler looks for binaries under `DirectDependencies` and uses the custom ALC to load them. The custom ALC load any binaries in `DirectDependencies` and `SharedDependencies`.
```

> Exception: WinRT.Runtime.dll doesn't support get loaded in multiple context in the same process. We special case it to get loaded in by the default loader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exception: WinRT.Runtime.dll doesn't support getting loaded in multiple times in the same process, because it affects static state in the CLR itself. We special case it to get loaded in by the default loader.
```
